Add a link to the GraphOS Kubernetes operator from the router docs (#8053)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/self-hosted/containerization/kubernetes/quickstart.mdx

```bash
helm install <name_for_install> --namespace <router-namespace> --set managedFederation.apiKey="<graph-api-key>" --set managedFederation.graphRef="<graph-ref>"  oci://ghcr.io/apollographql/helm-charts/router --version <router-version> --values router/values.yaml  --values common_values.yaml --values prod_values.yaml
```

> ## Using the Apollo GraphOS operator (Still in preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the Apollo GraphOS Operator
```

> The [Apollo GraphOS Operator](/apollo-operator/) offers an alternative method to deploy the router as well as manage your schema and subgraphs. The Operator provides declarative Kubernetes resources for managing routers, supergraphs, graph schemas, and subgraphs. It can simplify complex multi-service architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Apollo GraphOS Operator](/apollo-operator/), which is in Preview, offers an alternative method to deploy the router and manage your schema and subgraphs. The Operator provides declarative Kubernetes resources for managing routers, supergraphs, graph schemas, and subgraphs. It can simplify complex multi-service architectures.
```

The Operator offers different [workflow patterns](/apollo-operator/workflows/) depending on your infrastructure:

> - Single cluster setups for simpler deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Single-cluster setups for simpler deployments
```
Taking AI librarian suggestion
